You must be down bad to be flirting with me.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. And I'm the 1 you need.
Are you from Paris? Because Eiffel for you.
Are you made of grapes? Cause you're fine as wine.
Are you from Hogwarts? Cause I wanna Slytherin your pants.
Do you have a library card? 'Cause I wanna check you out.
I'll give up my morning cereal to spoon you instead.
Hey you play Apex?
Hey my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight.
Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Are you a parking ticket? Because you got fine written all over you.
There must e something wrong with my eyes. I can't take them off you.
Do you play Pokemon? Cause I'm abouta *catch* feelings for you.
I hope you're parameterless. I'd hate for us to have any arguments.
Hey girl, warp yourself in a try/catch and I'll throw all my love at you.
Hey girl, you are the stop condition to my heart's search algorithm.
Your body is 70% water...and I'm thirsty.
Do you drink soda? Because you soda-licious.
Are you my homework? Because I’m not doing you, but I definitely should be.
Treat me like a pirate and give me that booty.
Want to do some mathematics. Add the bed. Subtract the clothes. Divide the legs. And multiply the babies.
Are you feeling down? I can feel you up.
Are you a sea lion? Because I can sea you lion in my bed tonight.
Want to save water by showering together?
If your upper lip is Christmas and your lower lip is Thanksgiving, can I visit some time in between?
Do you like bacon? Wanna strip?
I'm not the weatherman but you can expect a few inches tonight.
Did you get those pants 20% off? You can get them 100% off at my place.
Thank God for life insurance! Because you make my heart stop.
Are you a magician? Because every time I look at you, everything else disappears.
I think I need a paralyze heal. Because you're so stunning!
My name may not be Luna, but I sure know how to Lovegood.
I'm very interested in exploring your Chamber of Secrets.
Do you like Pikachu? Because I wanna *Peek-at-chu*.
Did you use an Elixir? Because my PP went up.
Wanna unsheathe my master sword? It needs to be polished.
Are you a pot? Because for some reason, I want to smash you.